add_namespace = USA_republican_campaign_decisions

# Texas republican campaign successful
country_event = {
    id = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.1
    title = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.1.t
    desc = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.1.d 
    picture = GFX_report_event_generic_rally

    #fire_only_once = yes 
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.1.a 
   if = {
            limit = {
                has_country_flag = USA_support_socialists
            }
        357 = {
        add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
         }
		 836 = {
        add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
         }
		 838 = {
        add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
         } 
		 358 = {
        add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
         }
		 837 = {
        add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
         }
		 359 = {
        add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
         }            
        }        
        #
       if = {
            limit = {
                has_country_flag = USA_support_democrats
            }
        357 = {
        add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
         }
		 836 = {
        add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
         }
		 838 = {
        add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
         } 
		 358 = {
        add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
         }
		 837 = {
        add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
         }
		 359 = {
        add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
         }            
        }
        #        
        if = {
            limit = {
                has_country_flag = USA_support_republicans
            }
 	357 = {
        add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
         }
		 836 = {
        add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
         }
		 838 = {
        add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
         } 
		 358 = {
        add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
         }
		 837 = {
        add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
         }
		 359 = {
        add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
         }            
        }
		calcelccollage = yes
    }

    option = {
        name = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.1.b
  calcelccollage = yes
  if = {
            limit = {
                has_country_flag = USA_support_socialists
            }
        843 = {
        add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
         }
		 261 = {
        add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
         }
		 362 = {
        add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
         } 
		 369 = {
        add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
         }
		 396 = {
        add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
         }
		 368 = {
        add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
         }
     calcelccollage = yes
        }        
        #
       if = {
            limit = {
                has_country_flag = USA_support_democrats
            }
        843 = {
        add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
         }
		 261 = {
        add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
         }
		 362 = {
        add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
         } 
		 369 = {
        add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
         }
		 396 = {
        add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
         }
		 368 = {
        add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
         }
      calcelccollage = yes            
        }
        #        
        if = {
            limit = {
                has_country_flag = USA_support_republicans
            }
 843 = {
        add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
         }
		 261 = {
        add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
         }
		 362 = {
        add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
         } 
		 369 = {
        add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
         }
		 396 = {
        add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
         }
		 368 = {
        add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
		 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
		USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
         }            
        }
		calcelccollage = yes        
     }
     option = {
        name = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.1.c
calcelccollage = yes
if = {
	limit = {
		has_country_flag = USA_support_socialists
	}
368 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 363 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 367 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 } 
 364 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 365 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 366 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }            
}        
#
if = {
	limit = {
		has_country_flag = USA_support_democrats
	}
368 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 363 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 367 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 } 
 364 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 365 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 366 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }            
}
#        
if = {
	limit = {
		has_country_flag = USA_support_republicans
	}
368 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 363 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 367 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 } 
 364 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 365 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 366 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }            
}    
     }
     option = {
        name = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.1.d
	    country_event = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.3
     }     
}

# Texas republican campaign fails
country_event = {
    id = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.2
    title = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.2.t
    desc = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.2.d 
    picture = GFX_report_event_generic_rally

    #fire_only_once = yes 
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.2.a
    }
}

# New England republican campaign run successful
country_event = {
    id = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.3
    title = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.3.t
    desc = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.3.d 
    picture = GFX_report_event_generic_rally

    #fire_only_once = yes 
    is_triggered_only = yes
    option = {
        name = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.3.a 
		calcelccollage = yes
if = {
	limit = {
		has_country_flag = USA_support_socialists
	}
389 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 391 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
  381 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 367 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 } 
 390 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 394 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 393 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }            
}        
#
if = {
	limit = {
		has_country_flag = USA_support_democrats
	}
389 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 391 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 381 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 367 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 } 
 390 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 394 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 393 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }            
}
#        
if = {
	limit = {
		has_country_flag = USA_support_republicans
	}
389 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 391 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
  381 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 367 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 } 
 390 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 394 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 393 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }            
}
calcelccollage = yes
    }
    option = {
        name = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.3.c
calcelccollage = yes
if = {
	limit = {
		has_country_flag = USA_support_socialists
	}
387 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 385 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 379 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 } 
 380 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 383 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 375 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }            
}        
#
if = {
	limit = {
		has_country_flag = USA_support_democrats
	}
387 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 385 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 379 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 } 
 380 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 383 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 375 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }            
}
#        
if = {
	limit = {
		has_country_flag = USA_support_republicans
	}
387 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 385 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 379 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 } 
 383 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 380 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 375 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }            
}
calcelccollage = yes    
    }
    option = {
        name = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.3.c
    calcelccollage = yes
	    if = {
	limit = {
		has_country_flag = USA_support_socialists
	}
380 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 836 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 358 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 } 
 836 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 386 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }
 378 = {
add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_support_socialists
 }            
calcelccollage = yes
}        
#
if = {
	limit = {
		has_country_flag = USA_support_democrats
	}
	calcelccollage = yes
380 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 836 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 358 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 } 
 836 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 386 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }
 378 = {
add_to_variable = {  democratic_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support
 }            
}
#        
if = {
	limit = {
		has_country_flag = USA_support_republicans
	}
380 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 836 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 358 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 } 
 386 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 836 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }
 378 = {
add_to_variable = { republican_support = 2 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } 
 subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } 
USA_modify_republican_campaign_running_effect = yes
custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_republican_support
 }            
}
		calcelccollage = yes
    }
}

# New England republican campaign fails
country_event = {
    id = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.4
    title = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.4.t
    desc = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.4.d 
    picture = GFX_report_event_generic_rally

    #fire_only_once = yes 
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.4.a
    }
}

add_namespace = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions

# Texas democratic campaign successful
country_event = {
    id = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.1
    title = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.1.t
    desc = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.1.d 
    picture = GFX_report_event_generic_rally

    #fire_only_once = yes 
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.1.a 

		375 = { add_to_variable = { democratic_support = 3 } }
		375 = { subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 2 } }
		375 = { subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } }
		USA_modify_democratic_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support_three
    }
}

# Texas democratic campaign fails
country_event = {
    id = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.2
    title = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.2.t
    desc = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.2.d 
    picture = GFX_report_event_generic_rally

    #fire_only_once = yes 
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = USA_republican_campaign_decisions.2.a
    }
}

# New England democratic campaign run successful
country_event = {
    id = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.3
    title = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.3.t
    desc = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.3.d 
    picture = GFX_report_event_generic_rally

    #fire_only_once = yes 
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.3.a 

		878 = { add_to_variable = { democratic_support = 3 } }
		879 = { add_to_variable = { democratic_support = 3 } }
		880 = { add_to_variable = { democratic_support = 3 } }
		357 = { add_to_variable = { democratic_support = 3 } }
		839 = { add_to_variable = { democratic_support = 3 } }

		878 = { subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 2 } }
		879 = { subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 2 } }
		357 = { subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 2 } }
		880 = { subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } }
		839 = { subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } }
		878 = { subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } }
		879 = { subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } }
		357 = { subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } }
		880 = { subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } }
		839 = { subtract_from_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } }
		USA_modify_democratic_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_democratic_support_three
    }
}

# New England democratic campaign fails
country_event = {
    id = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.4
    title = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.4.t
    desc = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.4.d 
    picture = GFX_report_event_generic_rally

    #fire_only_once = yes 
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = USA_democratic_campaign_decisions.4.a
    }
}

add_namespace = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions

# Texas socialist campaign successful
country_event = {
    id = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.1
    title = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.1.t
    desc = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.1.d 
    picture = GFX_report_event_generic_rally

    #fire_only_once = yes 
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.1.a 

		375 = { add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } }
		375 = { subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } }
		375 = { subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } }
		USA_modify_socialist_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_socialist_support_three
    }
}

# Texas socialist campaign fails
country_event = {
    id = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.2
    title = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.2.t
    desc = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.2.d 
    picture = GFX_report_event_generic_rally

    #fire_only_once = yes 
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.2.a
    }
}

# New England socialist campaign run successful
country_event = {
    id = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.3
    title = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.3.t
    desc = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.3.d 
    picture = GFX_report_event_generic_rally

    #fire_only_once = yes 
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.3.a 

		878 = { add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } }
		879 = { add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } }
		880 = { add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } }
		357 = { add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 2 } }
		839 = { add_to_variable = { socialist_support = 1 } }

		878 = { subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } }
		879 = { subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } }
		357 = { subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } }
		880 = { subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 2 } }
		839 = { subtract_from_variable = { republican_support = 1 } }
		878 = { subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } }
		879 = { subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } }
		357 = { subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } }
		880 = { subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } }
		839 = { subtract_from_variable = { democratic_support = 1 } }
		USA_modify_socialist_campaign_running_effect = yes
		custom_effect_tooltip = USA_increase_socialist_support_three
    }
}

# New England socialist campaign fails
country_event = {
    id = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.4
    title = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.4.t
    desc = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.4.d 
    picture = GFX_report_event_generic_rally

    #fire_only_once = yes 
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
        name = USA_socialist_campaign_decisions.4.a
    }
}